1. What is the difference between some() and every()? Explain these using your own words.

 some() checks if the array elements satisfies the given condition if one element also satisfies the condition then it returns true and returns false if none of the element matches the condition

 every() checks if the array elements satisfies the given condition if all elemnts satisfies the condition then it returns true if only one element fails the condition it returns false



 2.Explain the difference between the spread operator and the rest parameter in JavaScript.
  
   the spread operator is used to expand elements into individual element. it allows us to spread the elements of the array within another array
   example: let a =["suhan"]
            let b =["ahmed"]
            let c = [...a,...b]
   and now the output of c will be ["suhan", "ahmed"] it will be combined together

the rest operator is used  in function declarations using this we can pass how much arguments as we want

3. Explain the difference between splice() and slice() in JavaScript arrays.

The splice() method is used to change the contents of an array by removing or replacing existing elements or adding new elements in place.

splice() takes in three parameters:
start: The index at which to start changing the array.
deleteCount: The number of elements to remove from the array starting at the start index. If it is set to 0, no elements are removed.
items: Elements to be added to the array starting at the start index.

4. If you need to remove an object element from an array by its index, which method do you prefer to use: splice() or filter()? Explain.

The filter() method creates a new array containing elements that pass a given condition, based on a provided callback function. It does not modify the original array. To remove an element by index using filter(), we can create a new array excluding the element which passes the condition

5.Explain the difference between `null` and `undefined` in JavaScript.

null: null is used to indicate that that variable has nothing or no value null means false

undefined : undefines indicates that a variable has been declared but has not been assigned a value 